Write up: GitHub Actions for Ember Apps (#768)
ember-learn/ember-blog: source/2020-09-11-the-ember-times-issue-163.md

---

## [CI with GitHub Actions for Ember Apps: Part 2 🎥](https://crunchingnumbers.live/2020/08/31/ci-with-github-actions-for-ember-apps-part-2/)

> In continuation of a blog post on [CI with GitHub Actions for Ember Apps](https://crunchingnumbers.live/2020/03/17/ci-with-github-actions-for-ember-apps/), [Isaac Lee(@ijlee2)](https://github.com/ijlee2) wrote another [blog post](https://crunchingnumbers.live/2020/08/31/ci-with-github-actions-for-ember-apps-part-2/) and how Github Actions saved time for his projects. He talks about how to migrate to v2 actions, lower the runtime costs, and to set up continuously deploy your Ember apps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In continuation of a blog post on [CI with GitHub Actions for Ember Apps](https://crunchingnumbers.live/2020/03/17/ci-with-github-actions-for-ember-apps/), [Isaac Lee (@ijlee2)](https://github.com/ijlee2) wrote another [blog post](https://crunchingnumbers.live/2020/08/31/ci-with-github-actions-for-ember-apps-part-2/) about how Github Actions saved time on his projects. He talks about how to migrate to v2 actions, lower the runtime costs, and set up continuous deployment for your Ember apps.
```
